---
layout: post
title: "My Plans for 2020"
author: "Haemin Ryu"
---
# Plans for 2020

1. _Be an open-handed person_: Based on what I was given by people around me, I would like to share my knowleage and contribute to the community in 2020. I will be more involved in the software engineer, volunteer, and <abbr title="Human-Computer Interaction">HCI</abbr> community this upcoming year. If there's a chance, I would like to contribute to open source project. I'm interested in voluntarily research in Software engineering or <abbr title="Human-Computer Interaction">HCI</abbr> area. 
2. _Brand myself to shape the first and biggest expression of me_
3. _Start writing regularly_: I'm looking to write way more than I did in 2019.
4. _Watch! Listen! Read!_
5. _Minimize_: I decided to practice a more empty ~~but fullfiled!~~ life to be careful not to place greed and arrogance where love should be.
6. _Be more courage,  integrity, and courtesy_. 

<hr>

## To live as a software engineer in the United States

1. A passionate person who is prepared to develop and develop expertise in my field
나의 분야에서 전문성을 확보하고 이를 발전시킬 각오가 되어있는 열정적인 사람
2. An active person who solves problems and builds relationships self-directed in work and life
일과 삶에서 자기주도적으로 문제를 해결하고 관계를 만들어가는 적극적인 사람
3. A joyful person who enjoy working and interacting with people from diverse backgrounds
다양한 배경을 가진 사람들과 어울려 일하고 교류하는 것을 즐기는 사람


## What is 'An expert'? 

1. A person who lead the latest trends
2. A person who has an impact on the whole field
3. A person whose name becomes a brand
4. A person who works for one's own growth and contributes to the company in the process.
5. A person who strive for industry-wide recognition.
6. A person who controls one's own destiny

How? Learn -> Apply -> Share
